So next, let's go ahead and add this pattern there for very simple, right where we finish.
Let's see, have.
Our column.
Right to one side of our column here, let's create a button.
And let's add a modifier.
About three deep, and I'm going to align everything here, center horizontally or center horizontally
like that.
That's in no way another way of doing it or just importing, as you see at the top.
We're importing this aligned companion central recently.
OK, that's fine.
Or if we don't like that idea, we can just do what we usually do, which is going to be alignment.
Android compose central horizontally.
Right?
So but because that was important, we can just get rid of that.
And this works as well.
OK.
Just different ways of doing the same thing, really.
And let's put a shape or add a shape here.
I want rounded corners, shape and 34 sort so really rounded.
And I'm going to give colors and I'm going to change the button defaults, colors, right?
So to do that, I'm going to use the button defaults, Android defaults, their say button colors.
It always does this.
He just goes and gets this whole package there.
We don't want that.
And then I'm going to say background color.
Zero X.
F e f b e for two.
OK, and then so here I'm going to.
Then add a text.
They will just say save
and let's go ahead and I want to fire.
Padding around the deep.
Given white collar of the text in this Al-Sadd of font size.
Oh, about 17 SB.
Bought that, I'm sure we could go ahead and run.
Let's go to settings.
All right, there you go, save, OK.
That's where we get so Celsius Fahrenheit toggle button is working and everything.
So now it's time for us to actually save something.
Right now we have our Settings View model that we created earlier, so we haven't used that.
OK.
And this has the insert, update, delete, delete, all and so forth.
Some of these I'm not we're not going to use, but it's always nice to have the full picture so you
can see how all of this is put together.
It's a very similar again from first, similar to what we did before for favorites, but I do it in
a way so you can see.
All right.
So setting screen here where there's all of this happened.
First of all, whenever we click on our save button, we have this on click or clickable event here
or click event, it should say.
So what is going to happen?
First of all, we need to go and get.
The settings of your model, right, and we have that passed along.
Here so we have a Settings View model and is indeed a hit few model or hilt of your model, I should
say.
So what we want to do is because we're just changing back and forth one item or one field per say.
Again, we're using databases because it's what we know so far and that's what we have at our disposal
here.
We're going to use that.
But there are other infrastructure that we can use to say smaller pieces of data, such as data storage
and so forth.
But we're not going to get into that.
We're going to just use their base, even though it may be a little bit of an overkill.
That's fine.
Right now, I'm going to say settings get the view model and then I'm going to.
First of all, I'm going to do something very strange.
I'm going to delete everything in our review model right to start because the idea what are we going
to do is when we change this Celsius, or I should say this toggle button to change to Celsius, from
Celsius to Fahrenheit and so forth.
When we save what we want to do, want to delete the previous setting, they may have had added or saved
to save this new one because in our database, our table just want allowed to have one setting at a
time.
That makes sense.
This is just a way that a feature will be easier to put this together.
So I'm going to delete everything I'm going to before anything, and then I'm going to call settings
if you want again and I'm going to say insert unit, right?
And then I'm create a unit, make sure we create a unit object that's ours and that unit cuddling,
that's a totally different thing.
All right.
So we want the model.
We don't want this other one either.
So the model and then I'm going to create that unit.
So first of all, we need to ask the unit property and where do we get that unit property?
Will that unit property is going to be the choice state here?
Looks like we have a little problem.
OK, there we go.
So the choice is going to be the state that we created, which will contain either imperial or metric.
So that also is going to be happening as we click right Celsius or metric or, in this case, Celsius
or Fahrenheit.
So as we click, we're changing this state, which will at some point or at any point in time, will
have either have imperial or metric.
So we're going to use that right to pass on to our database, because that is what it's going to have
the most current state of our choice.
So it's a choice state like that and believe it or not, that's it.
So now I'm going to say this, and let's run this one thing I want to show you here is that in Android
Studio, you can actually see your database schema as you database tables and so forth.
To do so, you will have to go to app inspection.
And if you don't see this, tap here, it's very simple.
All you do is is you go at the top where says view and you go to tool windows and click on app inspection.
I'm not going to click right now because I already have it, so click.
App inspection and you should have at the bottom of this app inspection.
Now, when you click on that, we'll take you a little bit, by the way, and then you will see that
we have this database where they're going to base and see my fave table.
And this is the master table.
We don't need to look into that, but we need to look at the settings.
Let's click on Settings.
Let's double click to actually see everything.
Notice Settings doesn't have anything yet, right?
But if we go to favorites Typekit, you can see Favorites San Diego.
At this point, that's all we have in our favorites.
In fact, if you go to look a favorites, we should see San Diego.
If I add just a side note here, let's say Seattle again, that's added.
Actually, that added, I'm going to add now, and if you go here, obviously you can see we have Seattle.
And if you refresh, you should see Seattle there.
So this is a really good tool to see how the base tables and everything, how things are being saved,
how what we have in there.
So are settings.
If you double click to notice has nothing now.
So let's go ahead and save a state or a unit, I should say.
Let's go to settings.
I'm going to go to save Celsius saved.
Go ahead and run this once again.
Go and save like this should delete everything and save Celsius, which is metrics.
All right.
So it's working.